# Investment Management System
Investment management encompasses more than just purchasing and selling financial assets and other investments. Developing a short- or long-term strategy for acquiring and disposing of portfolio holdings is part of management.
The phrase most commonly relates to managing an investment portfolio's holdings and trading them to attain a specified investment goal. Money management, portfolio management, and wealth management are all terms used to describe investment management.
While the investment management profession may offer handsome profits, it also comes with several significant issues. Investment management organizations' profits are inextricably connected to market performance. Because of this direct link, the company's profitability is determined by market valuations. A significant drop in asset values might result in a drop in revenue, especially if the price drop is significant compared to the company's continuous and stable operating costs. During difficult times and bad markets, clients may get impatient, and even above-average fund performance may not be enough to keep a client's account afloat.
According to the Willis Towers Watson analysis, the top 20 investment management firms control a record 43 percent of all worldwide assets under management, totaling $40.6 trillion. The top five corporations in the United States are, in descending order.
With this project we are encouraging firms and organizations to manages investment in various sectors like stocks, communities, mutual funds, real estates and etfs.
